it's always a good idea when you
get done working with any of
while meet to check and see if
you're getting Nick's or
scratches
this is a very minor a nicker
scratch but just a little one
like that can get infected and
turned something pretty serious
so what I do is the time this
recipe for any kind of a small
flash would your injury is
simply poor little turpentine on
it last virtually forever and it
will kill the fungus bacteria
and algae keep it from getting
infected
it helps your body heal itself
and even a small amount taken
internally does no major damage
i want to use a lot of it
it also penetrate penetrate into
the skin for some reason it
penetrates tissue and heels even
internally that way it's my
magic this is my number one
medicine